my name is James Russell i was born in
newcastle england
I grew up in Toronto Canada
I'm a photographer I specialize in
nightlife photography
I work all over osaka japan
every weekend i take about a thousand
photos in clubs and bars in osaka so
during the week I process and upload
those photos to my website bike club
osaka calm and every friday and saturday
night i hit the clubs and bars to
produce more content my job is always
interesting i get to go to a lot of
different parties and meet a lot of
interesting people there's always
something new
Saturday night is the busiest night for
my business so it's really hard to take
a weekend off
I'd like to be a yoga instructor I
studied yoga for two months in India and
it was one of the best experiences of my
life I'd like to share that with other
people in my free time I like to go
hiking and I like to cook indian and
thai food I could never work in a
cubicle I need a lot of variety to keep
me interested and I thrive on new
challenges
you